[video][docs] Document and unify the preload behavior across platforms (#30626)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/video.mdx

</SnackInline>

## Preloading videos

> While another video is playing, a video can be loaded before being shown in the view. This allows for quicker transitions between subsequent videos and better user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While another video is playing, a video can be loaded before showing it in the view. This allows for quicker transitions between subsequent videos and a better user experience.
```

Let's simplify the language in the first sentence to improve the readability.

> While another video is playing, a video can be loaded before being shown in the view. This allows for quicker transitions between subsequent videos and better user experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new video can be preloaded while the current one is still playing, enabling smoother transitions and enhancing the overall user experience.
```

> In order to preload a video, a `VideoPlayer` with a video source has to be created. Even when the player is not connected
> to a `VideoView`, it will fill the buffers, and once it is connected to a `VideoView` it will be able to start playing without buffering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preload a video, you have to create a`VideoPlayer` with a video source. Even when the player is not connected to a `VideoView`, it will fill the buffers. Once it is connected to the `VideoView`, it will be able to start playing without buffering.
```

- Let's use active voice to improve readability in the first sentence.
- Let's split the second sentence.

> In some cases, it is beneficial to preload a video later in the screen lifecycle. In that case, a `VideoPlayer` with a
> `null` source should be created. To start preloading, the player source has to be replaced with a video source using the `replace` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it is beneficial to preload a video later in the screen lifecycle. In that case, a `VideoPlayer` with a `null` source should be created. To start preloading, replace the player source with a video source using the `replace()` function.
```

When multiple videos are preloaded, it is a good idea to limit the buffer size of the players to avoid excessive memory usage. The buffer can be increased once the player starts playing.

Here is an example of how to preload a video:

<SnackInline label='Video' dependencies={['expo-video']}>

> ```jsx

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```tsx
```

Let's use `tsx` so types are highlighted correctly, and make sure that when opened in Snack, there are no warning about missing types.

import { useVideoPlayer, VideoView, VideoSource } from 'expo-video';

> import React, { useCallback } from 'react';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { useState, useCallback } from 'react';
```

We can directly import `useState` and drop `React` here since we're already importing another hook.

import { StyleSheet, Text, TouchableOpacity, View } from 'react-native';

const bigBuckBunnySource: VideoSource =
  'https://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/BigBuckBunny.mp4';

const elephantsDreamSource: VideoSource =
  'https://commondatastorage.googleapis.com/gtv-videos-bucket/sample/ElephantsDream.mp4';

export default function PreloadingVideoPlayerScreen() {
  const player1 = useVideoPlayer(bigBuckBunnySource, (player) => {
    player.play();
  });

  const player2 = useVideoPlayer(elephantsDreamSource, (player) => {
    player.bufferOptions = {
      preferredForwardBufferDuration: 10,
    };
    player.currentTime = 20;
  });

>   const [currentPlayer, setCurrentPlayer] = React.useState(player1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const [currentPlayer, setCurrentPlayer] = useState(player1);
```

Based on the changes from my previous comment.
